README.md, before:


# sleeperPy

![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/wbollock/sleeperPy)

A web app for actionable fantasy football advice using the Sleeper API and Boris Chen tiers.

---

## What is this?

**sleeperPy** is a Go + HTMX web application that lets you:

- Instantly analyze all your Sleeper fantasy football leagues by username
- See Boris Chen tiers for every player (starters, bench, IR, free agents)
- Get actionable upgrade suggestions (free agent upgrades, swap candidates, suboptimal starters)
- See win probability and opponent tiers for the current week
- Enjoy a clean, sortable, mobile-friendly UI with tabs, color coding, and shareable links
- Monitor usage and health with built-in Prometheus metrics

![screenshot](img/web_view.png)

---

## Features

- **Multi-league support:** Enter your Sleeper username, see all your leagues at once
- **Boris Chen tiers:** Ranks from all FantasyPros experts, updated weekly
- **FLEX/SUPERFLEX logic:** Heuristically marks FLEX/SUPERFLEX slots in your lineup
- **Free agent upgrades:** Highlights top available free agents who are clear upgrades
- **Actionable highlighting:** Suboptimal starters, swap candidates, and more
- **Win probability:** Based on average tier vs. opponent
- **Prometheus metrics:** `/metrics` endpoint for total visitors, teams, leagues, errors, and more
- **Configurable logging:** Use `-log=info` (default) or `-log=debug` for verbose logs

---

## Quick Start

### 1. Build and Run

```sh
go build -o sleeperpy
./sleeperpy -log=info
# or for debug logs:
./sleeperpy -log=debug
```

The app will start on port 8080 by default. Set a custom port with:

```sh
PORT=9090 ./sleeperpy
```

Then visit [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) in your browser.

---

## Usage

1. Enter your Sleeper username on the homepage
2. Instantly see all your leagues, tiers, and actionable advice
3. Click tabs to view free agents by position, or share your team page with a link

---

## Testing

sleeperPy includes a comprehensive test suite covering all features. See [TESTING.md](TESTING.md) for detailed documentation.

### Quick Test Commands

```sh
# Run all tests
make test

# Generate visual HTML outputs for manual inspection
make test-visual

# Generate and auto-open visual tests in browser
make test-view

# Run tests with coverage report
make test-coverage

# Clean test artifacts
make test-clean
```

### Test Coverage

- ✅ All scoring formats (PPR, Half-PPR, Standard)
- ✅ FLEX and SUPERFLEX logic
- ✅ Free agent recommendations
- ✅ Upgrade detection and swap suggestions
- ✅ IR player handling
- ✅ Win probability calculations
- ✅ Template rendering with visual outputs

Visual test outputs are saved to `test_output/` - open `test_output/index.html` to see all rendered scenarios.

---

## Metrics & Observability

- Prometheus metrics are available at `/metrics`
- Metrics include: total visitors, lookups, leagues, teams, errors
- Logging level is controlled by the `-log` flag

---

## Credits

- Tiers powered by [Boris Chen](https://www.borischen.co/)
- Built by [@wbollock](https://github.com/wbollock)

If you like this project, please ⭐ the repo!

Commit message:

chore: improve admin debug access

README.md, after:


# sleeperPy

![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/wbollock/sleeperPy)

A web app for actionable fantasy football advice using the Sleeper API and Boris Chen tiers.

---

## What is this?

**sleeperPy** is a Go + HTMX web application that lets you:

- Instantly analyze all your Sleeper fantasy football leagues by username
- See Boris Chen tiers for every player (starters, bench, IR, free agents)
- Get actionable upgrade suggestions (free agent upgrades, swap candidates, suboptimal starters)
- See win probability and opponent tiers for the current week
- Enjoy a clean, sortable, mobile-friendly UI with tabs, color coding, and shareable links
- Monitor usage and health with built-in Prometheus metrics

![screenshot](img/web_view.png)

---

## Features

- **Multi-league support:** Enter your Sleeper username, see all your leagues at once
- **Boris Chen tiers:** Ranks from all FantasyPros experts, updated weekly
- **FLEX/SUPERFLEX logic:** Heuristically marks FLEX/SUPERFLEX slots in your lineup
- **Free agent upgrades:** Highlights top available free agents who are clear upgrades
- **Actionable highlighting:** Suboptimal starters, swap candidates, and more
- **Win probability:** Based on average tier vs. opponent
- **Prometheus metrics:** `/metrics` endpoint for total visitors, teams, leagues, errors, and more
- **Configurable logging:** Use `-log=info` (default) or `-log=debug` for verbose logs

---

## Quick Start

### 1. Build and Run

```sh
go build -o sleeperpy
./sleeperpy -log=info
# or for debug logs:
./sleeperpy -log=debug
```

The app will start on port 8080 by default. Set a custom port with:

```sh
PORT=9090 ./sleeperpy
```

Then visit [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) in your browser.

### 2. Admin Dashboard (Local)

Set an admin secret and run the server (example uses `make debug`):

```sh
ADMIN_KEY=your-secret-here make debug
```

Open the dashboard:

- `http://localhost:8080/admin?secret=your-secret-here`
- JSON metrics: `http://localhost:8080/admin/api?secret=your-secret-here`

If `ADMIN_KEY` is not set, it defaults to `changeme` (development only).

---

## Usage

1. Enter your Sleeper username on the homepage
2. Instantly see all your leagues, tiers, and actionable advice
3. Click tabs to view free agents by position, or share your team page with a link

---

## Testing

sleeperPy includes a comprehensive test suite covering all features. See [TESTING.md](TESTING.md) for detailed documentation.

### Quick Test Commands

```sh
# Run all tests
make test

# Generate visual HTML outputs for manual inspection
make test-visual

# Generate and auto-open visual tests in browser
make test-view

# Run tests with coverage report
make test-coverage

# Clean test artifacts
make test-clean
```

### Test Coverage

- ✅ All scoring formats (PPR, Half-PPR, Standard)
- ✅ FLEX and SUPERFLEX logic
- ✅ Free agent recommendations
- ✅ Upgrade detection and swap suggestions
- ✅ IR player handling
- ✅ Win probability calculations
- ✅ Template rendering with visual outputs

Visual test outputs are saved to `test_output/` - open `test_output/index.html` to see all rendered scenarios.

---

## Metrics & Observability

- Prometheus metrics are available at `/metrics`
- Metrics include: total visitors, lookups, leagues, teams, errors
- Logging level is controlled by the `-log` flag

---

## Credits

- Tiers powered by [Boris Chen](https://www.borischen.co/)
- Built by [@wbollock](https://github.com/wbollock)

If you like this project, please ⭐ the repo!
